OSDOCS-2325:adding timeout configuaration parameters for spec.TuningOptions (#35927)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-controller-configuration-parameters.adoc

* `threadCount` specifies the number of threads to create per HAProxy process. Creating more threads allows each Ingress Controller pod to handle more connections, at the cost of more system resources being used. HAProxy
supports up to `64` threads. If this field is empty, the Ingress Controller uses the default value of `4` threads. The default value can change in future releases. Setting this field is not recommended because increasing the number of HAProxy threads allows Ingress Controller pods to use more CPU time under load, and prevent other pods from receiving the CPU resources they need to perform. Reducing the number of threads can cause the Ingress Controller to perform poorly.

> * `clientTimeout` specifies how long a connection will be held open while waiting for a client response. If unset, the default timeout is 30s.

Reviewer: > Use past or future tense only when you cannot use present tense or it does not make sense to use present tense.

If 30s is meant to be a specific value, you need to enclose it in backticks. Otherwise, you need a space: 30 s.

(These apply to all of these list items.)

Reviewer 2: For each of the default timeouts, the unit is a part of the value. They'd be specified like this in yaml:
```
clientTimeout: "30s"
```
So backticks seems like the right choice to me

* `serverFinTimeout` specifies how long a connection will be held open while waiting for the server response to the client that is closing the connection. If unset, the default timeout is 1s.

> * `serverTimeout` specifies how long a connection will be held open while waiting for a server/backend response. If unset, the default timeout is 30s.

Reviewer: > In most cases, do not use slashes in text because they can be ambiguous.

> In a few cases, use a forward slash (/) in terms where the slash construction is an industry standard.

This might be fine, but I'm not sure that this is a standard term.

Reviewer 2: It should be reasonable to replace "server/backend" with "server" here as well as in the description of `clientFinTimeout`

* `clientFinTimeout` specifies how long a connection will be held open while waiting for the client response to the server/backend closing the connection. If unset, the default timeout is 1s.

> * `tlsInspectDelay` specifies how long the router can hold data to find a matching route. Setting this too short can cause the router to fall back to the default certificate for edge-terminated or reencrypt routes, even when using a better matched certificate. If unset, the default inspect delay is 5s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tlsInspectDelay` specifies how long the router can hold data to find a matching route. Setting this value too short can cause the router to fall back to the default certificate for edge-terminated or reencrypted routes, even when using a better matched certificate. If unset, the default inspect delay is 5s.
```

> * `tunnelTimeout` specifies how long a tunnel connection (including websockets) will be held open while the tunnel is idle. If unset, the default timeout is 1h

Reviewer 3: Per the IBM style guide, I would avoid using parentheses in general text. 

> Use parentheses to identify items such as abbreviations, symbols, and measurements, but avoid using parentheses in general text.
